because in this video you come to teach
one of the cars that I got into this
it seems that it will seem right here
I think it will take nothing to appear
so quickly we're going to open it from
internet to show you what cars before
that you see in real life
basically although not in life
real because it's a game but it does not matter
case in this video I can teach these
cars guys the inter or koke t well
llama costs 700 thousand dollars that costs
a pasture and is then to see if they have
a pretty white knight aesthetic and
as you can see on the side something quite
cool and asked to be a pretty car
cool this here you have two 150
kilometers of maximum speed
it's enough to be a classic car it
it seems quite the back
I think that mainly because
it is also a rocket it is effectively a
I invent that you and good, well, I also
fixed that is this car that is the
Chinese daddy that looks pretty like that
they put the one in part 1 of money
dirty it was this one so this one did not
session the plans and also in a video
because it's pretty potato is the typical
for tato idea
2 km behind also here you have the
I already think about the price
here you have it is very cool pretty
irma reminds me very much one that already
but there were uncle and much besides
you'll see that there was not once this part of
authorization money if on behalf of
effectively what we are now and if
I do not remember badly, I like it a lot
this is the talk with me remember
very much uncle not but the back
It is different or that seems not and why
I stress the same cars I do not understand
of iguazú is that we are going to see how
it works the theme looks like a car
pretty pretty pretty smart look
in the lateral part has to a
kind of line in chrome plan and
many of us will already see how it situates in
this car because also to order your
sixth place of the topic and you see that it is not
it can look quite the same so nothing
well here we have it to put it already to butt
of speed the roof is also something
weird because you how to say the
sticks holding the roof of the car
so to speak they are like coloma 2
also if not
and we 're really cool it's cool to see
let's do butt as well said
and the python and you hear the captain I'm
whistled and that there is as if I had
that the return is very good and you have
and as the thing existed before they employ
like chrome of this statue is like this
a little pellet is a pellet car
we could say that it is quite low in
This type of car is usually a little more
the sad one is quite pretty under the
true but good is very cool
sir cars for kids dies or
dies with this is very cool very chuli
very elegant the truth is that it is the
word that characterizes it that is
pretty elegant and pretty pretty
I only really like this kind of
cars that we go back I like
aesthetically fanatical here I dismiss the
it's really cool to leave a comment
to not lose any gta video
online the topic has been list of
favorites